 The History of Identification Have you been asked lately to prove who you are? If so, you probably were not surprised when it happened. There are a lot of situations where you have to do that. When opening a bank account, checking into a hotel, getting on a train or plane or taking an exam, you are required to present your ID card, passport or school card. You even need a pen or fingerprint for authentication before you can access apps on your cell phone. Identification has become part of our daily routine, but do you know this requirement can be traced back thousands of years? As early as about 300 BC, Shangyang, an important statesman in ancient China, invented the first known ID card, called Xiao Xiontie. This was a bamboo slip with the person's basic information engraved on it. In England, King Henry V issued travel documents in the 1410s for his subjects who needed to prove their identity while in foreign countries. This is thought to be an early form of passport. Photo ID cards, using the technological advancement of photography, were used for the first time at an exhibition in Philadelphia, USA, in 1876. Barclays Bank in London in 1967 became the first place in the world where people could withdraw money from an ATM using a pen. When biometric technology emerged, physiological and behavioral features could be used to identify a person. In the 1980s, DNA testing was used for the first time in a criminal investigation. And in the 1990s, Iris Recognition Technology was used for commercial purposes. In 2013, the Apple Company incorporated fingerprint recognition into the iPhone 5S, and since then, identifying a person through fingerprints has become commonplace. Scientific and technological advances may new ways of identification will appear in the future. Let's just wait and see.

身份识别的历史 你最近是否被要求证明自己的身份？如果有，您可能不会感到惊讶。在很多情况下，您都必须这样做。在银行开户、入住酒店、乘坐火车或飞机或参加考试时，您都需要出示身份证、护照或学生证。您甚至需要用笔或指纹进行身份验证，然后才能访问手机上的应用程序。身份验证已成为我们日常生活的一部分，但您知道这种要求可以追溯到几千年前吗？早在公元前 300 年左右，中国古代重要的政治家山阳就发明了第一张已知的身份证，名为 “小雄辩”。这是一张刻有个人基本信息的竹简。在英国，国王亨利五世在 1410 年代为他的臣民签发了旅行证件，这些臣民在国外需要证明自己的身份。这被认为是护照的早期形式。1876 年，在美国费城的一次展览上，首次使用了利用先进摄影技术制作的照片身份证。1967 年，伦敦巴克莱银行成为世界上第一个可以用笔在自动取款机上取款的地方。生物识别技术出现后，生理和行为特征可以用来识别一个人。20 世纪 80 年代，DNA 检测首次用于刑事调查。20 世纪 90 年代，虹膜识别技术被用于商业目的。2013 年，苹果公司在 iPhone 5S 中加入了指纹识别技术，自此，通过指纹识别一个人的身份变得司空见惯。科学技术的进步可能会在未来出现新的识别方式。让我们拭目以待吧。