 Design is everywhere. The alarm clock that wakes you up every morning. The toothbrush you brush your teeth with. The bike you ride to school. Or the high speed train you take when traveling. Have you ever observed designs in your life and wonder what designs are good designs. And what designs are ineffective. You may come up with different ideas. There is a famous guideline called 10 Principles for Good Design. These principles were developed by Deeter Robbs, a German industrial designer. He was the guiding force of Braun, a famous consumer products company. Now, let's look at these principles. Number one, good design is innovative. Innovative design always develops in line with innovative technology. Number two, good design makes a product useful. A well-designed product should fulfill its functions. Number three. Good design is aesthetic. Most products are used frequently and their aesthetic quality influences the emotional well-being of the user. Number four, good design makes a product understandable. Ideally, it should be self-explanatory. Number five, good design is unobtrusive. Products are usually used as tools, not works of art. Their designs should therefore be both neutral and restrained to leave room for the user's self-expression. Number six, good design is honest. It does not attempt to manipulate the consumer with promises that cannot be kept. Number seven, good design is long lasting. It is supposed to last for many years and make a product durable. Number eight, good design is thorough down to the last detail. Nothing can be arbitrary or left to chance. Care and accuracy in the design process show respect toward the consumer. Number nine, good design is environmentally friendly. It conserves resources and minimizes pollution throughout the life cycle of the product. Number ten, good design is as simple as possible. Less but better because it concentrates on the essential aspects.

设计无处不在。每天早上叫你起床的闹钟。你刷牙用的牙刷。你上学骑的自行车。或者你旅行时乘坐的高铁。你是否观察过生活中的设计，并想知道哪些设计是好的设计？哪些设计是无效的？你可能会有不同的想法。有一个著名的准则，叫做 “好设计的 10 项原则”。这些原则是由德国工业设计师迪特-罗伯斯（Deeter Robbs）提出的。他是著名消费品公司博朗的指导者。现在，让我们来看看这些原则。第一，好的设计是创新的。创新设计总是与创新技术同步发展。第二，好的设计使产品有用。精心设计的产品应该实现其功能。第三条。好的设计具有美感。大多数产品都会被频繁使用，其美学质量会影响用户的情绪。第四，好的设计使产品易于理解。理想情况下，它应该是不言自明的。第五，好的设计不引人注目。产品通常被用作工具，而不是艺术品。因此，产品设计既要中性，又要克制，为用户留下自我表达的空间。第六，好的设计是诚实的。它不会试图用无法兑现的承诺来操纵消费者。第七，好的设计是持久的。好的设计应该可以使用多年，使产品经久耐用。第八，好的设计要彻底，直到最后一个细节。任何事情都不能随心所欲、听之任之。设计过程中的细心和准确体现了对消费者的尊重。第九，好的设计是环保的。它在产品的整个生命周期中节约资源，最大限度地减少污染。第十，好的设计尽可能简单。少而精，因为它专注于基本方面。